The story of Tetsuya Satoru (徹夜 聡い) begins in Kyushu, Imperial Japan. Tetsuya was born into a low-class income family, with his parents both working 3 tireless jobs day in, day out. Tetsuya saw the tiresome lives his parents trudged through and decided at a young age that he'd escape that same fate that those of his income class were inevitable to fall into.
He spent sleepless nights at a local internet cafe soaking up all he could from hacking tutorials after overhearing two men boasting about the ___(income) one could make as a high level cracker.
Tetsuya's skills quickly grew and he eventually joined an underground community of hackers. One day, on his way to the internet cafe, he saw a another boy his age being robbed by two older kids. Tetsuya recalled all the painful memories of being picked on in school and in a blinding moment of rage charged the bully tackling him from behind and began to strike the back of his head with a flurry of poorly aimed punches. The older bully's cronie quickly ran up and sucker punched tetsuya in the jaw. 
Tetsuya awoke to a screaming headache and an empty wallet. He felt another boy, Isamu Sairou (勇 狼) shaking him and asking if he was alright. The two quickly became friends after and Tetsuya taught Isamu all he knew about the world of hacking. Tetsuya was astounded to see how quickly Isamu learned, and they both became catalysts for one another's learning of the art of hacking.
Tetsuya and Isamu quickly grew closer as friends. One day Isamu came across a growing technology called ____. It promoted enhanced learning through empathetic connection, allowing two individuals to explain and teach concepts much more deeply than would be possible through speech alone.
The two became enthralled with the machine, spending countless hours improving their hacking abilities. They grew close and even outside of the machine knew the general gist what the other was thinking at any given moment. 
Eventually Tetsuya and Isamu determined that the machine's effectiveness was enhanced when one of the individuals was in a dream state. Tetsuya and Isamu also would overclock their computers to more quickly crank through generations of evolutionary algorithms they were developing. They learned that this significantly sped up the process of development because one could think quicker within a dream. The other would mind link within the user's dream to ensure no negative/wandering thoughts would engulf the dreamer's train of thought. The two even began training one another in torture resistance, pain tolerance and mental fortitude, helping one another learn how to better discern reality from hallucination in the case that one became captured and was tortured physically or with drugs.

Eventually as the _____ war raged on and worsened, Japanese citizens were drafted and sent off to die. One day, Isamu was drafted by the military, Tetsuya screamed out in protest as he was rejected that same day due to severe narcolpsy. Neither of the two could imagine being separated after the bond they had developed through the machine, but not even their hacking abilities could change the law. Isamu was sent off to war, and within two months Tetsuya received news that Isamu had gone missing after a helicopter he was riding in was shot down during a reconnaissance mission on enemy territory.

Tetsuya fell into a deep depression with the thought that his best friend was dead, at first he turned to hacking, the one thing that he had left that reminded him of Isamu. Tetsuya eventually started using stimulants to stave off the depression from the loneliness of the world without having the constant connection. It turned out that the stimulants coincidentally helped his narcolepsy, and he slowly grew more and more addicted.

Tetsuya realized that all his experience up until now in hacking was blackhat and he had no way of displaying knowledge to particular employers without giving himself a life sentence. So he hacked into the university of Kyushu and inserted himself as a student. With his underground knowledge of computing/cracking, Tetsuya quickly surpassed much of the material and courses finishing his masters in Evolutionary Algorithms and Computer Defense Design.